Good news! Managed to finally incorporate tags into my question form. And here's the coolest feature: 

* The last input field in the question form (the tag input field) ACTUALLY serves as a dual search bar 

Initially, I was execute a `this.props.search` method, which basically fired every single time a user typed a letter. However, since it took awhile for the AJAX call to finish (since I coupled updated the state with the AJAX call), this lead to VERY slow typing, since you could only really see the letter updated in the state (and thus, the value in the input field) once that `this.props.search` thunk action completed. 

Which was bad user experience. 

So instead, I decided to update the state immediately, and in the callback function, execute the thunk action. So my code now looks like: 

```js
  handleTag(e) {
    e.preventDefault();
    const query = e.target.value; 
    this.setState({
        tag: query
    },  () => this.props.searchTags(query)
    .then(() => this.setState({
        searchedTags: this.props.tags.map(tag => tag.name).slice(0,6) 
    })))
  }
```

This was a big improvement from yesterday where I seriously struggled to understand why I was chaining on a `.then()` to `undefined` (my thunk action from my create was failing, but for my update was working perfectly fine). I combed through and literally spent an hour staring at my code (with someone else too!) and we literally threw debuggers EVERYWHERE. 

Guess what the issue is. 

I dare you. 

It was failing because I accidentally forgot to return from an explicit return (the update one was an implicit one, so I didn't need the return keyword). Classic blunder. 

Also, I deployed to Heroku for the first time in like a week and a half. Every single time I do it ... it's a very nervewracking experience. One gem that is useful is `data-dump` BUT the problem is that it hard codes the foreign keys. So WHATEVER happens to be my user's id in my development database, it will throw in as the `user_id`. BUT the issue that id doesn't align with what that user gets assign in Heroku's database. 

So for now, I did an extremely hacky bandaid fix, which was to just select the users/questions (which thankfully was just one, since I've been working as one logged in user the whole time in development, similarly I've only seeded answers from one question), assign them the id manually. BUT this isn't a good solution I think...but couldn't find anything yet via Stack Overflow. 

Will look into it more. 

I need to refactor this horribly ugly method: 

```js
generatePageNumbers(numQuestions, perPage, pageNumber) {
        let bp1 = null; 
        let bp2 = null; 

        let max = Math.floor(numQuestions/perPage); 
        let arr = []; 
        if (pageNumber >= 1 && pageNumber <= 4) {
            arr = []; 
            for (let i = 1; i <= 5; i++) {
                arr.push(i); 
            }
            bp1 = 5; 
            arr.push(max); 
        } else if (pageNumber >= max-3 && pageNumber <= max) {
            arr = []; 
            arr.push(1); 
            for (let i = max-4; i <= max; i++) {
                arr.push(i); 
            }
            bp1 = 1; 
        } else {
            arr = []; 
            arr.push(1); 
            for (let i = pageNumber-2; i <= pageNumber+2; i++) {
                arr.push(i); 
            }
            arr.push(max); 
            bp1 = 1; 
            bp2 = pageNumber+2; 
        }      
        return [arr, bp1, bp2]; 
    }
 ```
