Setting up active storage for the first time! Profile pictures here we come!

- [X] bundle exec rails active_storage:install 
- [X] bundle exec rails db:migrate
- [X] has_one_attached :profile_photo (user.rb) 
  - [X] User.first.profile_photo 
  - [X] User.first.profile_photo.attached? 

Set up user credentials, buckets and bucket policies. 

- delete `credentials.yml.enc` and `master.key`, rerun `rails credentials:edit` 
- add `gem 'aws-sdk-s3'` to gemfile

In my user partial, or `_user.json.jbuilder` file, I add the following line of code: 

```
json.profilePhotoUrl url_for(user.profile_photo)
```

It was throwing the following error: `Errno::ENOENT: No such file or directory @ rb_file_s_mtime after feature tests`. So I took a look at the following SO post: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54274368/errnoenoent-no-such-file-or-directory-rb-file-s-mtime-after-feature-tests. I ran this line of code: 

```rb
User.all.each do |user|
  user.profile_photo.attach(io: File.open('./app/assets/images/pic1.png'), filename: "image-#{Time.now.strftime("%s%L")}.png")
end
```

It took a little bit of time, but now all the pictures show up (they all currently point to the same one). 

Inside my `EditProfile.jsx` component, I added a new input type to my field with type `"file"`, connected to a `handleFile` method, where I've so far put a debugger in. 

```js
    handleFile(e) {
        debugger; 
    }
    
    e.currentTarget.files 
```


Ok here's the dilemma. I'm planning on using AWS - but since I'm probably going to issue a billion `GET` requests while testing my app (million refreshes), for now I'll just use the `lorem picsum` library, and potentially replace it later. I really don't want to go over the free tier (super paranoid of getting charged), so this is what I will do for now. 
